[docs] Improvements in FAQ. Added usage example for Nexus docker repository (#8684)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

### Tips for configuring Nexus

{% alert level="warning" %}

> When interacting with a `docker` repository located in Nexus (including executing `docker pull`, `docker push` commands), you must specify the address `<NEXUS_URL>:<REPOSITORY_PORT>/<PATH>`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When interacting with a `docker` repository located in Nexus (e. g. executing `docker pull`, `docker push` commands), you must specify the address in the `<NEXUS_URL>:<REPOSITORY_PORT>/<PATH>` format.  
```
